{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;}
\deftab480
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 The files in the builders directory are used by Mimsy to perform builds via a directory window. The files should be executable scripts (using a shebang) or compiled programs. The builders are called in three different ways and should return either a non-zero exit code or results as JSON dictionary.\
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 builder
\b0\fs36 \
When called with no arguments a builder should return information about the build tool. The returned dictionary should contain:\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural
\cf2 name\cf0 : The name of the build tool. This is used as an identifier for the builder.\
\cf2 globs\cf0 : A list with globs for file names describing a build. These files are passed into the builder using the --path option. It's undefined which builder will be chosen if a file name matches globs from multiple builders.\
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 builder --path=PATH
\b0\fs36 \
Returns information about a particular build. The returned dictionary should contain:\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural
\cf2 error\cf0 : If non-empty a message explaining why the builder failed. If there was an error the dictionary may not have any other entries.\
\cf2 targets\cf0 : List of targets within the build file. These are used to populate the dropdown menu in the directory window.\
\cf2 variables\cf0 : List of lists where the inner lists are variable name/default value pairs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 builder --path=PATH --target=TARGET
\b0\fs36 \
Returns a command line which can be used to perform a build. The returned dictionary should contain:\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural
\cf2 error\cf0 : If non-empty a message explaining why the builder failed. If there was an error the dictionary may not have any other entries.\
\cf2 cwd\cf0 : The directory in which to run the command.\
\cf2 tool\cf0 : Full path to the program to run.\
\cf2 args\cf0 : Array of arguments to pass into the tool. These arguments do not need to be quoted.\
\
}