{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green0\blue0;\red23\green127\blue128;\red209\green8\blue70;
\red0\green72\blue255;\red72\green83\blue135;}
\deftab480
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Lua scripts within scripts/startup are loaded when Mimsy starts up (and reloaded if they are changed while Mimsy is running). Typically these are used to install hooks to modify the behavior of Mimsy at pre-defined extension points. Lua scripts are also used for functional testing.\
\
Mimsy adds a global called 'app' to all Lua environments. The other tables listed below are available directly or indirectly via the app global.\
\
Methods taking color names accept CSS3 color names ("Dark Green"), VIM 7.3 names ("gray50"), hex RGB or RGBA values ("#FF0000" or "#FF0000FF"), and decimal RGB or RGBA values ("(255, 0, 0)" or "(255, 0, 0, 255)"). Text document methods also accept "back color" and colors from the active style file ("keyword color"). Spaces and case differences are ignored.\
\
Note that methods taking indexes follow Lua conventions and are 1-based.\

\fs32 \

\b\fs72 app\

\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 function
\b0  
\b \cf2 addhook
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 app, hname, fname
\i0 \cf0 )\
Used to install a lua function to be called by Mimsy at various times. The hook names and signatures are:\
\'95\'a0\cf4 'apply styles'\cf0  
\f1\b\fs28 \cf5 function
\b0 \cf0  
\b hook
\b0 (textdoc, loc, len)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 This is called after a batch of styles have been applied. The styles will have been applied to [loc, loc + len). This will only be called for text documents with a language.\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'95\'a0\cf4 'text selection changed'\cf0  
\f1\b\fs28 \cf5 function
\b0 \cf0  
\b hook
\b0 (textdoc, sloc, slen)
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 This is called when the selection changes within a text document. The new selection range is passed into sloc and slen.\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 function
\b0  
\b \cf2 log
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 app, mesg
\i0 \cf0 )\
Writes a message to the log using the \cf4 'Mimsy'\cf0  topic and Info level.\
\

\b function
\b0  
\b \cf2 newdoc
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 app
\i0 \cf0 ) -> 
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 \
Opens a new untitled text document.\
\

\b function
\b0  
\b \cf2 openfile
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 app, path, success 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0\b \cf0 nil
\i\b0 \cf3 , failure 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0\b \cf0 nil
\b0 )\
Attempts to open the file specified by path as a Mimsy document. If successful and success is not nil then it is called with a textdoc argument. If the document could not be opened and failure is not nil then it is called with a string explaining why.\
\
Note that, in general, the callbacks will not be invoked until the event loop is re-entered (this applies to all the methods that take success and failure callbacks).\
\

\b function
\b0  
\b \cf2 schedule
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 app
\i0 \cf0 , 
\i \cf3 secs
\i0 \cf0 , 
\i \cf3 callback
\i0 \cf0 )\
Calls callback after the specified number of seconds have elapsed. Secs can be an integer or a float, callback must be the name of a function.\

\fs32 \

\b\fs72 textdoc\

\b0\fs32 \

\b\fs36 function
\b0  
\b \cf2 close
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 )\
Closes the document window and disposes of the document. The textdoc should not be used after this is called. \

\b \
function
\b0  
\b \cf2 data
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 ) -> 
\i \cf3 text
\i0 \cf0 \
Returns the text of the document as a UTF-8 string. \
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 function
\b0  
\b \cf2 getselection
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 ) -> 
\i \cf3 loc
\i0 \cf0 ,
\b \cf6  
\i\b0 \cf3 len
\i0 \cf0 \
Returns the location and length of the current selection (or insertion point if there is no selection). \
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 function
\b0  
\b \cf2 resetstyle
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 )\
Re-apply language styles. Can be used to clear styles applied by scripts.\
\

\b function
\b0  
\b \cf2 saveas
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 , 
\i \cf3 path
\i0 \cf0 , 
\i \cf3 type 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0\b \cf0 nil
\b0 , 
\i \cf3 success 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0\b \cf0 nil
\b0 , 
\i \cf3 failure 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0\b \cf0 nil
\b0 )\
Saves the document to the specified path. Type can be any of the following:\
\'95\'a0\cf4 'Plain Text, UTF8 Encoded'\cf0  this is the default.\
\'95\'a0\cf4 'Plain Text, UTF16 Encoded'\cf0 \
\'95\'a0\cf4 'HTML'\cf0  this is a rich text format: font and style information are encoded into the generated HTML.\
\'95\'a0\cf4 'Rich Text Format (RTF)'\cf0 \
\'95\'a0\cf4 'Word 97 Format (doc)'\cf0 \
\'95\'a0\cf4 'Word 2007 Format (docx)'\cf0 \
\'95\'a0\cf4 'Open Document Text (odt)'\cf0 \
\

\b function
\b0  
\b \cf2 setselection
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 ,
\i \cf3  loc
\i0 \cf0 ,
\i \cf3  len
\i0 \cf0 )\
Sets the current selection (or insertion point if len is zero). Loc must be in [0, data.length). Len must be non-negative. Loc+len must be <= data.length. \
\

\b function
\b0  
\b \cf2 setunderline
\b0 \cf0 (
\i \cf3 textdoc
\i0 \cf0 , 
\i \cf3 loc
\i0 \cf0 , 
\i \cf3 len
\i0 \cf0 , 
\i \cf3 style 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0 \cf4 'single'\cf0 , 
\i \cf3 pattern 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0 \cf4 'solid'\cf0 , 
\i \cf3 color 
\i0 \cf0 =
\i \cf3  
\i0\b \cf0 nil
\b0 )\
Style may be \cf4 'none'\cf0 , \cf4 'single'\cf0 , \cf4 'thick'\cf0 , or \cf4 'double'\cf0 .\
Pattern may be \cf4 'solid'\cf0 , \cf4 'dot'\cf0 , \cf4 'dash'\cf0 , \cf4 'dashdot'\cf0 , or \cf4 'dashdotdot'\cf0 .\
}