{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red240\green0\blue31;\red32\green78\blue51;\red106\green11\blue19;
\red65\green51\blue255;\red22\green118\blue20;\red46\green58\blue181;}
\viewkind0
\deftab480
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # This is the default settings file used for directory windows. When a new directory is
\i0 \cf0 \

\i \cf2 # opened by Mimsy this file is copied into the directory as '.mimsy.rtf'.
\i0 \cf0 \
\

\i \cf2 # If Mimsy is launched from the Finder or Xcode it won't be started with an interactive\
# shell and won't have any of the environment variables defined in ~/.bash_profile. This\
# can cause problems when building with Mimsy so if your build scripts need environment\
# variables set you can do so using BuildEnv.
\i0 \cf0 \

\b \cf3 BuildEnv:
\i\b0 \cf2  
\f1\i0\fs32 \cf0 PATH=/opt/local/bin:/opt/local/sbin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin:/usr/local/bin
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Sets the number of spaces used to render tabs and when highlighting lines that are too long.
\i0 \cf0 \

\b \cf3 TabWidth:
\b0 \cf0  4\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Overrides TabWidth but only for rendering.
\i0 \cf0 \

\b \cf3 DisplayTabWidth:
\b0 \cf0  4\

\i \cf2 \
# You can add one or more BuildItems to append build menu targets to those extracted from build\
# files (e.g. make files). The format is menu item title, full path to an executable, executable arguments\
# all separated with section signs (usually produced via option-6).
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx626\pardeftab626\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 #BuildItem: Make mac80211\'a7/usr/bin/ssh\'a7jjones@10.8.0.2\'a7cd vendor/openwrt && make package/mac80211/\{compile,install\} V=1 -j7\
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 # This can be used with remote builds to map paths on the remote machine to paths on the\
# locally mounted volume (e.g. with Connect to Server in the Finder) or with build systems\
# that copy source files to a build or staging directory. The format is <remote path>:<local path>.\
\pard\tx626\pardeftab626\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 #RemapBuildPath: /home/jjones/coco/devel/vendor/build_dir/:/Volumes/devel/vendor/
\f2\i0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
# These are globs for files and directories that are not shown in the directory window.
\i0 \cf0 \

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  .*\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  *(Autosaved)*\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  *.csproj\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  *.o\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  *.pyc\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  *.sln\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  *.xcodeproj\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  MIT.X11\

\b \cf3 Ignore:
\b0 \cf0  waf\
\

\i \cf2 # These are globs for files and directories that override the Ignore settings.
\i0 \cf0 \

\b \cf3 DontIgnore:
\b0 \cf0  .mimsy.rtf\

\i \cf2 \
# These are globs for files which may not have a language associated with them, but\
# we still want to open with Mimsy (this is just an optimization that avoids reading\
# the file to check whether it can be opened as a text document).
\i0 \cf0 \

\b \cf3 OpenWithMimsy:
\b0 \cf0  *.conf\

\b \cf3 OpenWithMimsy:
\b0 \cf0  *.rtf\

\b \cf3 OpenWithMimsy:
\b0 \cf0  *.log\

\b \cf3 OpenWithMimsy:
\b0 \cf0  *.txt\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # The entries below are used to style items in directory windows. DirectoryStyle and \
# FileStyle are used if none of the GlobStyles match. Note that these are the only\
# directory settings where the font styles are significant.
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 DirectoryStyle: 
\b0 \
FileStyle: note that packages are considered to be files\
SizeStyle: used for the second column in the view (byte size of files and packages)\
\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Binaries
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 GlobStyles: *.dll *.dylib *.exe *.lib\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Build files
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf4 GlobStyles: *.am *.make *.mk Makefile Make.shared *.rc SConscript SConstruct wscript wscript_build\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Data files
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf5 GlobStyles: *.config *.css *.doc *.docx *.htm *.html *.json *.mimsy *.pdf *.plist *.rtf *.schema *.sdef *.xml *.xsd *.xsdl *.xsl\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Resources\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs36 \cf6 GlobStyles: *.aiff *.au *.avi *.bmp favicon.ico *.gif *.gzip *.icon *.icns *.jpeg *.jpg *.midi *.mp3 *.mpeg *.nib *.pict *.png *.qt *.tar *.tiff *.wav *.xib *.zip\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Scripts
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf7 GlobStyles: *.as *.js *.php *.pl *.py *.R *.rb *.ref *.sh\
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 # Source files
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf0 GlobStyles: *.c *.cpp *.cs *.h *.hpp *.go *.java *.rs\
}